and what a carnal transaction to believe here and
welcome to that little not so
small installation tutorial
good the shaders for mic points
6.2 the basic ones for which we do not have
a very powerful and good computer
let's start with a minecraft hard
1.6 points 2 clean as you can see then
here I am downloading from later
downloading a new hard everything is
we open it we have to open
minecraft to create certain files
out there, they can create a world
new out there because they let it load and
this all the files that we are going to
use will be in on links in the
description of the video so that
we have no problem also a
against detail out there and good here already
that we have our minecraft this one
clean we are going to open this that is
this forum and we're going to download the
install simply we will give it
install and accept nothing else was going to stay
force installed on our computer
after
what is the magiclown we have it
run as administrator and good
let's minimize in this window
we have to click on that top there
let's click on new and you have to
We will not write a configuration
1.6 point 2 it is optional to put the name
they want but it is for
identify them and in environment like
can see says classic low 1.6
points 2 we have to select the one that
says force 1.6 points 2 force 10.2 bla
blah blah and here what we are going to do
is to click on maniche
this is going
open our mods folder like
can see we are in mineira pereira
mods and inside this folder is where
let's copy and paste or cut and
paste that you like the mod of
haters just as it makes them work
the haters also this feet this
boost this is optional but those two we
we paste there and they are already installed
automatically the mods as you can see
below are activated with the
popcorn and that means they are
this then already activated without needing
be copying things in our home
Weigh them arribita in the tab of
advanced let's put our
resolution that we want
I have 280 280 x 720 in memory almost
always all computers bring 2
gb
You can dedicate a jean that is 1024
megas I'm going to leave 4 thousand 96 for
occupy 4 gigas of 8 that I have around here and
we're going to leave it like that and we're going to give it
click on test when we click on
test this king system error is going to appear
because now what we have to do is
our we closed this error quoted and
we have to go back to where our
where is our launcher from
minecraft the normal no magiclown be the
normal ok and here where profile says
here I will know this where profile says
they will appear something that says this
subject to fit it little bit that says force
we're going to click on force and it's going to
appear our username and give him play
and they are already guided as nothing else
it appears to them yes yes they do not put their mail and
password of created versions I do not know what
I 'm sorry I'm not sorry I will not be able to
help a lot even though you're supposed to
be the same and we are going to click on
play and minecraft and forged are going to start
to upload a few files what's going
to make it open the game as
can see key already opened minecraft
around here and when they open they will see that
is already there forge installed and we 're going to
close automatically we are not going to
occupy and now if the magic launcher
when we give you taste clica team test and
and we will open the
in our minecraft as we will
we leave our our resolution and the
amount of laying branch for the game
and good as you can see here and then
this one is force installed and good and here
we can already see here inside minecraft
we can check this because we're already
running 1.6 point two comfort and mod
of shaders now let's press and skype
on our keyboard and we're going to go to
the video options there we're going to go
to shaders and shaders open
shader pack and we will open this
window that is also inside
from minecraft stop going to minecraft
steiger bucks and this is where we are going to
copy our shader bucks that are going to
do this one that is the one of carrió
knicks and silver those two are going to
be in the link of the description if the
from Bom Bom Wey Vincero is going slow
occupy the shield tour that are that
It is made specifically for cards
intel graphics that are what I give you
they bring all the integrated ones but then if
You can check from a little taste
the d
on one side be waiting 'which is that of
Carri knicks well this and run it well
they already did it and then here as
you can see it is moving the pastito
the leaves of the trees the communes of
those mothers I do not know what they are and if you
they say that shadows are textured
they are not textures are shadows as is
nothing but they are a little lower
than those that come in the versions
ultra are the normal versions of
shaders here as you can see change the
time for them to see as well
change the position of the shadow so that
see that it is not text trick so
everything is therefore within the model
center if you look here for dawn and
the shadows change position
Obviously and if they are doing very well
slow this the minecraft is already with the
of catfish with the carrion pack and c's
let's go to the options the
graphics let's switch to pastures
fast this the smoot line with the light
soft we have to turn it off as they can
see here because nothing else can stop the
video and pause it and copy my settings
almost everything has to be turned off
the clouds are very many
resources so why do we turn them off and already
gives us a little more frames per
second channel I hope you have
enjoyed this little comment
Any doubt write to me there in the
the comments I will try to
answer as quickly as possible team
As you can see, we have our
resource back so it does not look so ugly
this already with the graphics down and
good he left us with this little lamb that has
been world of scared and good see you
after